Add support to receive list of assigned IPS rules and rule details (#467)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: trendmicro_deepsecurity/help.md

### Actions

#### Get Details

> This action is used to get detailed information of a IPS rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is used to get detailed information of an IPS rule.
```

# Version History

> * 2.1.0 - Add action to receive assigned IPS rules from computers and policies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 2.1.0 - Add new actions Get Details and List to receive assigned IPS rules from computers and policies
```
